alright what is up outta here and
welcome to a new advanced warfare vide r
and s can tell by the title in this one
we are once again going to open some
more supply draft 1250 precise now in
the previous three episodes together I
didn't really get anything worth
mentioning I took the mk14 eagle eye and
that's just about it but at the moment
i'm feeling lucky today we're going to
get some elite guns and today we're also
gonna get some movie gear i hope so
anyway but once again of course a big
thanks to all of you for the support all
of you together once again man smash
over 1,000 lives from the previous
episodes but once again do that let's be
absolutely fantastic if not that's cool
and with that sex let's go ahead and
open some more supply drops alright so
as you can see this is what I got in my
first supply job unfortunately I got
interrupted I did record the entire
thing what I thought you know what's
might as well just try this again but as
you can see i got a enlisted
reinforcements 10 minutes of rapid
supply have been added to your total
weapon supply time which is always a
good thing que VA para military gloves
which I couldn't care less about and
then the asn.1 competence which is half
decent plus 1 damage minus 1 accuracy
minus 1 range and then plus 1 handling
but let's see and let's start off by
opening this one ya never know ok they
really spacer I know the bell 27 inferno
that's the second one I want the
Obsidian Steve but this is good like
that's good and we already have it but
still that is good not gonna complain
like I said today it's gonna be my lucky
day and the spaceship this one is minus
1 and crissy cums on fire a person range
and then minus 1 handling and nobody
cares about the Sentinel mobile shirts
one more let's see what do we get
Atlantis oh no dance Atlas Rico and
going but hey to lead so far me that is
a good start that is definitely good
start let's go ahead and open some more
ok so this is what I got in my for
supply job as you can see the KVA lead a
mess and also the Sentinel air
born shirts to professionals so I'm not
going to play about that but hopefully
we can also get another elite weapon so
that's it let's close my eyes and boom
let's go fun hopefully all here leads
okay no we only got two items to a dead
look what is that k be a scout shirts
decent enough and the offshoots 24
carats sunglasses oh ok I can't see like
that's alright fair enough one more
let's open it let's go for
reinforcements Sentinel medic boots ok
that's a bit of a bummer what is this
receive an order of the capping it's two
minutes into your next match so probably
a recon drone because I to still get
recon Jones even if it's the
professional care package Riva so much
an elite care package doesn't matter all
that much I used to get either a recon
drone or it use this perk or UAV which
is of course half decent but anyway
let's not take two grades most simply it
up some more so that's it let's get into
it ok now as you can see I managed to
get another league weapon unfortunately
it's the amelie will horn which isn't
all that great but it's still an elite
weapons I'll take that also an atlas
green cap and then 10 minutes of rapid
supply which is always a good thing
let's see which one we go open next I'm
thinking this one let's close my eyes
and hopefully we're here elites nope not
really one item we leave one item what
do we get the air someone's guts that's
awful minus one fire ass and then plus 1
mobility that's not that great but hey
I'm not gonna complain we got the
inferno in a wail horn unfortunately
already have forward here we got
something new every great the sector es
they didn't even care anymore you know
what they just didn't even care anymore
we're gonna come up with another name
tell just gonna call it s anyway and
then another orbital care package sweets
now i think i'm going to open three more
so far and we've been doing half d6 not
gonna complain but i canna wants to get
your students tea today or tomorrow I
know or the day after that but sometimes
suit anyway
let's get into it okay three more these
are all still final three supply naps
I'm gonna open today so sledgehammer
connect please have give students deeds
let's go ants the SEC three sporter
really that's it my face with a bummer
+1 range and minus one handling
yesterday's leave it that bad I mean the
sec 3 in general is pretty good let's
see this one come on game center dometic
boots mk14 deluxe no we have one more
one more okay I'm gonna close my eyes
see we can do gonna go over some pinky
luck ants boom can we here at least yeah
yes okay two helmets not gonna play
that's pretty good kva reticle max and
the Atlas recon helmet this one by the
way it looks freaking sick and only I
was playing on my main account at the
moment that's a bummer anyway that is
still pretty cool if you enjoy today's
video a like rating would be very much
appreciated if not thats cool this time
around we actually got a few elite chops
which is definitely a nice change of
pace let's see what other items do I
have over here and I drove the right top
either anyways a bit of a bummer but
still pretty good if you want to can
also follow me on twitter or facebook
instagram you can find all those things
in the description and a pop of net once
again a big thanks to all be watching
thank you for the taste for it and i'll
catch you in the next one take it easy